gh-129545 Improve Syntax Error Message for Default Parameter Order (#130937)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2025-03-07-16-48-12.gh-issue-129545.t-9iTH.rst

> Issue: :gh:`129545`
> 
> Detailed changes:
> Changed the text of the ``SyntaxError: parameter without a default follows parameter with a default`` to ``SyntaxError: positional parameter without a default follows parameter with a default`` to improve error message clarity in certain cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the text of the ``SyntaxError: parameter without a default follows parameter with a default``
to ``SyntaxError: positional parameter without a default follows parameter with a default`` to improve
error message clarity in certain cases.
```
